README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

added readme with project info

README.md, after:

## About 📖

This is my pet-project inspired by reading Victor Pelevin's works. I wanted to create a parallel universe of his books that would retain the Pelevin's literary spirit: i.e. witty satirical takes on our life. I have no doubts that some literary critics would note that the very essence of this project is partly a reflection of the slightly changed nature (sic!) of Pelevin's work in recent years. Viktor Olegovich, please don't take offense 😉

## Current project status ✔️

I wanted to have a minimalist web-site where you can get tease your literature taste. Foolproof simple as AK-47: hit the button and the machine will give you a new dose.

## Planned product enhancements 🏁

I'm planning to implement these changes:

- save your favourite punchlines
- be able to contribute your versions of punchlines
- have an option to categorise your punchlines
- vote for your favourites
- some UI sugar etc ...

## Technical setup 🤖

- Next.js & Vercel & Supabase
- GitHub Actions
- Playwright
